README.md, before:

# Python MARL-Multi framework

PyMARL-Multi is [WhiRL](http://whirl.cs.ox.ac.uk)'s framework for deep multi-agent reinforcement learning and includes implementations of the following algorithms:
- [**QMIX**: QMIX: Monotonic Value Function Factorisation for Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.11485)
- [**COMA**: Counterfactual Multi-Agent Policy Gradients](https://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08926)
- [**VDN**: Value-Decomposition Networks For Cooperative Multi-Agent Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.05296) 
- [**IQL**: Independent Q-Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.08779)
- [**QTRAN**: QTRAN: Learning to Factorize with Transformation for Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.05408)

PyMARL is written in PyTorch and uses [SMAC](https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac) as its environment.

## Installation instructions

Build the Dockerfile using 
```shell
cd docker
bash build.sh
```

Set up StarCraft II and SMAC:
```shell
bash install_sc2.sh
```

This will download SC2 into the 3rdparty folder and copy the maps necessary to run over.

The requirements.txt file can be used to install the necessary packages into a virtual environment (not recomended).

## Run an experiment 

```shell
python src/main.py --config=qmix_multi --env-config=sc2_multi with env_args.map_name=2s3z_multi
```

## Save replay

Commit message:

[new] add smac_map_edit.md

README.md, after:

# Python MARL-Multi framework

PyMARL-Multi is [WhiRL](http://whirl.cs.ox.ac.uk)'s framework for deep multi-agent reinforcement learning and includes implementations of the following algorithms:
- [**QMIX**: QMIX: Monotonic Value Function Factorisation for Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.11485)
- [**COMA**: Counterfactual Multi-Agent Policy Gradients](https://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08926)
- [**VDN**: Value-Decomposition Networks For Cooperative Multi-Agent Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.05296) 
- [**IQL**: Independent Q-Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.08779)
- [**QTRAN**: QTRAN: Learning to Factorize with Transformation for Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.05408)

PyMARL is written in PyTorch and uses [SMAC](https://github.com/oxwhirl/smac) as its environment.

## Installation instructions

Build the Dockerfile using 
```shell
cd docker
bash build.sh
```

Set up StarCraft II and SMAC:
```shell
bash install_sc2.sh
```

This will download SC2 into the 3rdparty folder and copy the maps necessary to run over.

The requirements.txt file can be used to install the necessary packages into a virtual environment (not recomended).

## Run an experiment 

```shell
python src/main.py --config=qmix_multi --env-config=sc2_multi with env_args.map_name=2s3z_multi
```

## Edit map
For the detailed description, read the [Map Edit](envs/starcraft2/maps/smac_map_edit.md). 

## Save replay
